I try to reply promptly, but I get a lot of email, and sometimes I get a backlog, 
especially when I have my head down trying to finish writing a book. I always 
try to help readers who are stuck with an example in the book, although 
I ask that you follow the steps described earlier in this chapter before 
contacting me.

While I welcome reader emails, there are some common questions for which 
the answers will always be no. I am afraid that I won’t write the code for your 
new startup, help you with your college assignment, get involved in 
your development team’s design dispute, or teach you how to program.

1.2.8	What If I Really Enjoyed This Book?

Please email me at adam@adam-freeman.com and let me know. It is always 
a delight to hear from a happy reader, and I appreciate the time it takes 
to send those emails. Writing these books can be difficult, and those
emails provide essential motivation to persist at an activity that can 
sometimes feel impossible.

1.2.9	What If This Book Has Made Me Angry and I Want to Complain?

You can still email me at adam@adam-freeman.com, and I will still try to help you. 
Bear in mind that I can only help if you explain what the problem is and what 
you would like me to do about it. You should understand that sometimes the only 
outcome is to accept I am not the writer for you and that we will have closure only
when you return this book and select another. I’ll give careful thought to whatever 
has upset you, but after 25 years of writing books, I have come to understand 
that not everyone enjoys reading the books I like to write.

Summary

•	ASP.NET Core is a cross-platform framework for creating web applications.
•	The ASP.NET Core platform is a powerful foundation on which application
	frameworks have been built.
•	The MVC Framework was the original ASP.NET Core framework. It is powerful
	and flexible but takes time to prepare.
•	The Razor Pages framework is a newer addition, which requires less initial preparation
	but can be more difficult to manage in complex projects.
•	Blazor is a framework that allows client-side applications to be written in C#,
	rather than JavaScript. There are versions of Blazor that execute the C# code
	within the ASP.NET Core server and entirely within the browser.