gRPC is an emerging standard for cross-platform remote procedure calls (RPCs) 
over HTTP that was originally created by Google (the g in gRPC) and offers efficiency 
and scalability benefits. gRPC may be the future standard for web services, 
but it cannot be used in web applications because it requires low-level
control of the HTTP messages that it sends, which browsers do not allow. 
(There is a browser library that allows gRPC to be used via a proxy server, 
but that undermines the benefits of using gRPC.) Until gRPC can be used in the browser, 
its inclusion in ASP.NET Core is of interest only for projects that use it for
communication between back-end servers, for which many alternative protocols exist. 
I may cover gRPC in future editions of this book but not until it can be used 
in the browser or becomes the dominant data-center protocol.

1.2	Understanding This Book

To get the most from this book, you should be familiar with the basics of web development, 
understand how HTML and CSS work, and have a working knowledge of C#. Don’t worry 
if you haven’t done any client-side development, such as JavaScript. The emphasis 
in this book is on C# and ASP.NET Core, and you will be able to pick up everything 
you need to know as you progress through the chapters. In Chapter 5, I summarize the
most important C# features for ASP.NET Core development.

1.2.1	What Software Do I Need to Follow the Examples?

You need a code editor (either Visual Studio or Visual Studio Code), the .NET Core 
Software Development Kit, and SQL Server LocalDB. All are available for use 
from Microsoft without charge, and Chapter 2 contains instructions for installing 
everything you need.

1.2.2	What Platform Do I Need to Follow the Examples?

This book is written for Windows. I used Windows 10 Pro, but any version of Windows 
supported by Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code, and .NET Core should work. ASP.NET Core 
is supported on other platforms, but the examples in this book rely on 
the SQL Server LocalDB feature, which is specific to Windows. You can
contact me at adam@adam-freeman.com if you are trying to use another platform, 
and I will give you some general pointers for adapting the examples, albeit 
with the caveat that I won’t be able to provide detailed help if you get stuck.

1.2.3	What If I Have Problems Following the Examples?

The first thing to do is to go back to the start of the chapter and begin again. 
Most problems are caused by missing a step or not fully following a listing. 
Pay close attention to the emphasis in code listings, which
highlights the changes that are required.

Next, check the errata/corrections list, which is included in the book’s 
GitHub repository. Technical books are complex, and mistakes are inevitable, 
despite my best efforts and those of my editors. Check the
errata list for the list of known errors and instructions to resolve them.